Forward missing contract error to cairo runtime (#2104)
foundry-rs/starknet-foundry: CHANGELOG.md

- `L1HandlerTrait::execute()` takes source address and payloads as arguments [MORE](https://foundry-rs.github.io/starknet-foundry/appendix/cheatcodes/l1_handler_execute.html)

> - When calling to an address which does not exists, error is forwarded to cairo runtime instead of failing the test

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When calling to an address which does not exists, error is forwarded to Cairo instead of always failing the test. It can be now caught with `#[should_panic]`.
```
